You go and get rid of the mental illness karma,
Why can we judge our rivals?
You're about to eat. We're both in the same boat, but we both have low recharging capabilities.
I want you to come back to me, you think I am crazy,
Just because my opponents can only look at honest ones.
Yes, what do you mean?
Then let me talk to you about some crazy things,
Much of you. What do you mean?
What do you mean? How dare you laugh at my little brother?
Even if you don’t, I won’t accept you.
You are not his friend, no? He ran away.
You will go home, and your family will call the police for you.
Why are you back again? Are you watching?
It was too dark all the way. My sister called me.
Are you afraid that you will be shipped back?
What others mean
What should I do if you never leave me? Come and say goodbye.
Let them secretly live in the location where they are busy
I really forgive you
Take it as dead words
I'm not lying to my sister
Tell me what my little brother wants to know, otherwise
I will be hurt if I come back with you.